hello youtube personal in this video
I'm showing the interested parties a
homemade design nor meaning of
timer controlled irrigation
electromechanical
before showing the system already mounted
I'll give you some instructions on how to
set the time or timer since
for those who have never seen a
device to find some
difficulties for the program since the
instruction manual
it comes very simple that sometimes it is
difficult to understand is the model that
What I'm wearing is the brand I
the mechanic is one of the cheapest
market costs around 20 reais
now there are several other models
brands are more sophisticated than they cost
much more expensive but it works
perfectly
the appliance operates the system 24 hours
being now divided every 15 minutes
the black side if you go very close
of it is all prepared in small
slices of more help from a pen is
you can do aaa programming is okay
firmly confirm that the red button
since before it was things are o observe
and notes that the lock has to
Being hidden will bring my life.
check that the slices are all in the
high position
This is a low beauty
is to manage and turn the wheel clockwise
to set the local time
this example I will put 14 hours
coinciding with the arrow on Friday and
I'm going to program to call at 7 o'clock
the tip of the pen will lower the slice is
referring to 7 o'clock
remembering that a single slice leaves the
system energizes up to 7 hours to 15
represents as little as possible for this
timer device that shuts off after
automatically if you want to stay connected
for 30 minutes plus two slices in
sequence is from the button
red for position down there
that the lock for will be appearing behind
Then plug the power cord plug into
essay
This connection is made later one
washing machine solenoid valve
wire garden hose connections
electric one-and-a-half millimeter
Look for making TV CD34
previously punctured with
drill to form when climbing in a
car for both one of the photos of the
pvc pipe
Let's see how it works.
see there I fixed the valve
solenoid on the device and its creativity
and do otherwise
ah you garden hose you can do
a cane that wanted to be direct and will give
your will
see how the water works right
It will rain and for 15 minutes in that
time was to schedule there in the team
that's it
thanks guys